Improve documentation of sendTransaction (#14770)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/terminology.md

## signature

A 64-byte ed25519 signature of R (32-bytes) and S (32-bytes). With the requirement that R is a packed Edwards point not of small order and S is a scalar in the range of 0 <= S < L.

> This requirement ensures no signature malleability and each transaction must have at least one signature at the least for [fee account](terminology#fee-account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requirement ensures no signature malleability. Each transaction must have at least one signature for [fee account](terminology#fee-account).
```

## transaction

> One or more [instructions](terminology.md#instruction) signed by the [client](terminology.md#client) using one or more [keypairs](terminology.md#keypair) and executed atomically with only two possible outcomes of success or failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One or more [instructions](terminology.md#instruction) signed by the [client](terminology.md#client) using one or more [keypairs](terminology.md#keypair) and executed atomically with only two possible outcomes: success or failure.
```

## transaction id

> The first [signature](terminology.md#signature) in [transaction](terminology.md#transaction) which can be used to uniquely identify transaction across the complete [ledger](terminology.md#transaction), ranging from the newest [block](terminology.md#block) to the [genesis block](terminology.md#genesis-block).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first [signature](terminology.md#signature) in a [transaction](terminology.md#transaction), which can be used to uniquely identify the transaction across the complete [ledger](terminology.md#ledger).
```

Reviewer: I personally don't think the clarification of what comprises the complete ledger is necessary, but if you feel strongly about it, feel free to put it back.

Author: nah, I'm already satisfied my added verbosity at `ledger`. :)
